what would be the top three things i can
do to drive more traffic to my website
thank you very much well thanks for the
question joe how would you answer that
mr turning well joseph first of all if
you're driving all this traffic i hope
you've got a website that does
everything we've covered so far so i
hope it clearly defines your message
the problem you solve how you can help
people and makes it nice and easy for
people to
to get in touch with you or make that
purchase and i hope it loads lightning
quick as well
so just a few pointers before we get to
the traffic um
so traffic wise well i'd say you need to
we need to again need to think about
where your customers actually are
do we do we know what his business is or
is it it doesn't say unfortunately
so i i need to have people be more
specific
no problem so i mean google's a good bet
because nearly everyone's googling
everything um
so seo is is going to be worthwhile to
drive traffic
and so actually getting your website
positioned organically in the google
search results
so a few quick a few quick ideas on how
you can do that
content is is king when it comes to seo
so
making sure that you're regularly
putting out
blogs articles that kind of stuff you
can you can do them both on your website
and you can do them on other sites
making sure that the information pages
on your website
answer what people are searching for so
linking back to i don't know why i keep
banging on crm but i do for some reason
when i go on podcast just the only thing
that can come up in my small mind
so so let's say you were scaring
provider you pro people are probably
going to search on google best crm
provider
um so you probably want an information
page with a the heading tag
best crm provider and you probably want
a page that tells them
what to look for to find the best crm
provider maybe a video tutorial maybe an
infographic
google loves content that answers
people's questions
so do people if if i'm searching for
something and like
if i search in google best crm provider
and there's a page and i click on it and
it doesn't give me the answer i was
looking for i'm gonna go away to a
competitor
so make sure your website informs people
fully into how you can help them
and make sure your content is crafted
around the search terms you actually
want people to find you for and then
gives them all the answers to their
questions
um really important you can do that in a
multitude of ways through
video content actually text content
images so yeah making sure that that's
um there is key so yeah seo is really
good long term there's many more tips
and tricks there's there's tons on my
linkedin
so just check out my linkedin for daily
tips on that front
um paid ads is a good way to get fast
traffic so seo is more longer term
paid media so whether that's google ads
whether that's facebook or instagram ads
if your audience hangs out on social
linkedin ads which are a bit more pricey
more b2b um
tend to be for more enterprise level not
always um so that's gonna be a good way
to
get fast traffic fast people to your
website and get some leads and sales
um and then if you're a bit strapped for
cash after spending all this money on
paid ads and seo
maybe you should start a podcast like
alan and i have done um
and one of the one of the best ways is
just yeah get going building a podcast
plenty of guides out there on how to do
it
um and start interviewing your ideal
customers
or if you can't be asked to do a podcast
just do a short video interview series
um even on zoom tools like we're using
now post them on social posts on
linkedin
start talk make a list of your ideal
clients that you want to do business
with
pitch them to come on your podcast from
experience i've seen that 99 of people
you ask
as long as you do a sensibly crafted
email um or
linkedin that shows that you've
researched them you've watched the show
you say what you've enjoyed
people like to promote themselves so if
you invite them onto your show
the chances are they're going to say yes
i know because i've done it for 120
people
and then you're building a relationship
with people that you want to be starting
conversations to
um that's my three top tips for now
there's plenty more